Hello friends, I welcome you to
Fifteen pikachu my name is Olya I want
find out who is really
golden freddie in the game five nights at
freddy's if you don't understand what is there then
link to the passage in the description drove
there is an assumption that golden Freddy
it's just a hallucination of schmidt shirt
protagonist confirmation of this
serves the fact that it is not visible on
monitors when he goes to the office what
refuted by the fact that Jeremy also
sees golden freddy
alternative theories it is assumed that
golden Freddie is the guy from the phone in
suit
another version that golden freddy is
spare animatronic chindo skeleton can
see behind the scenes and and confirmation
serves the fact that in the prequel can
see the drawings of the golden right
office wall in the second part of the game golden
Freddie looks frustrating left ear
missing wool became dark
brown it seems that from different places
his body is sticking with golden freddy's wires
becomes active during 6 nights
to prevent his death player
must quickly wear a freddie mask or
turn off the flashlight I want to compare everyone
three bears can be then we will understand
under whose hidden game now
some facts about the main animatronics
Game Freddy melody can serve
fourth phone call
implies that Freddie could be
involved in the death of the guys from the phone but he
can play this tune in the kitchen
explaining the lack of movement of frodi
the first two nights you can be what he
studying your strategy former security guard
claims that Freddie is getting more
active in the dark this may explain
why is he hiding in dark areas
each room unlike slaughter faces
which tend to become bright areas
seems to appear with human eyes
in hallucinations while bonny
appears with its endo skeleton or
without eyes it could be the theories of what
Freddie himself killed the guy from the phone and
may have found a free life now
the guy with the phone is Freddie, it’s not for nothing
the same game is called Freddie’s Five Nights
I think the name also has
some sense if you look like that
can and fredy suspect in a bite 87
as I said in one of the past
parts that he has seen on his face
child's hand print is possible
the developers have confused us specifically
foxy doing such a terrible and a toothy
Freddie is sweet and kind but about that
you can only talk
here are the developers in the third part
lay the clue by the way
developer made recently on
official website hint at the output of these
parts if it comes out soon
then wait for the passage on the channel he
today everything is just under this video
50 likes continuation immediately
and with you I was olya subscribe to the channel
put likes write in the comments what
think about it all buy buy